New Resource - `azurerm_fluid_relay_server` (#17238)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/fluid_relay_servers.html.markdown

---

A `user_assigned_identity` block supports the following:

* `client_id` - (Optional) The client id of user assigned identity.

* `identity_id` - (Optional) user assigned identity to use for accessing key encryption key Url. Ex: /subscriptions/fa5fc227-a624-475e-b696-cdd604c735bc/resourceGroups/<resource group>/providers/Microsoft.ManagedIdentity/userAssignedIdentities/myId. Mutually exclusive with identityType systemAssignedIdentity..

* `principal_id` - (Optional) The principal id of user assigned identity.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the Fuild Relay Server.

* `frs_tenant_id` - The Fluid tenantId for this server.

* `orderer_endpoints` - A `orderer_endpoints` block as defined below.

* `principal_id` - The principal ID of resource identity.

> * `provisioning_state` - Provision states for FluidRelay RP, value can be `Succeeded`, `Failed`, `Canceled`.

Author: should i remove it from the attributes definition, or just delete it from the doc file?

> * `provisioning_state` - Provision states for FluidRelay RP, value can be `Succeeded`, `Failed`, `Canceled`.

Reviewer: We should remove it everywhere...

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Fuild Relay Server. Changing this forces a new Fuild Relay Server to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Fuild Relay Server should exist. Changing this forces a new Fuild Relay Server to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Fuild Relay Server.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Fluid Relay Service. Possible values are `SystemAssigned`,`UserAssigned` and `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`.

* `identity_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Fluid Relay Service.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the Fuild Relay Server.

* `frs_tenant_id` - The Fluid tenantId for this server.

* `orderer_endpoints` - An array of the Fluid Relay Orderer endpoints.

> * `principal_id` - The principal ID of the Fluid Relay Server.

Reviewer 2: grammer

---

# azurerm_fluid_relay_server

Manages a Fuild Relay Server.

## Example Usage

```hcl
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
}

resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_fluid_relay_server" "example" {
  name = "example"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Fuild Relay Server should exist. Changing this forces a new Fuild Relay Server to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Fuild Relay Server. Changing this forces a new Fuild Relay Server to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Fuild Relay Server should exist. Changing this forces a new Fuild Relay Server to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Fuild Relay Server.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

> * `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this API Management Service. Possible values are `SystemAssigned`, `UserAssigned`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Fluid Relay Server. Possible values are `SystemAssigned`, `UserAssigned` and `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`.
```

> * `identity_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this API Management Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `identity_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Fluid Relay Server.
```

> ~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `UserAssigned`

Reviewer: This line is redundent and can be removed, as this is a well known fact.

> ~> **NOTE:** When `type` is set to `SystemAssigned`, the assigned `principal_id` and `tenant_id` can be retrieved after the Fluid Relay Server has been created. More details are available below.

Reviewer: Same for this.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the Fuild Relay Server.

* `frs_tenant_id` - The Fluid tenantId for this server.

* `orderer_endpoints` - An array of the Fluid Relay Orderer endpoints.

* `principal_id` - The principal ID of the Fluid Relay Server.

* `storage_endpoints` - An array of the Fluid Relay storage endpoints.

* `tenant_id` - The tenant ID of the Fluid Relay Server.

---

`identity` exports the following:

* `principal_id` - The Principal ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this SQL Server.

* `tenant_id` - The Tenant ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this SQL Server.

> -> You can access the Principal ID via `azurerm_fluid_relay_server.example.identity.0.principal_id` and the Tenant ID via `azurerm_fluid_relay_server.example.identity.0.tenant_id`

Reviewer: Same for this.
